Question
What are the highest paying stock dividends?
what are the highest paying Fund dividends?
when was the last time the dividend was paid for a specific stock or fund paying dividends?
what’s the dividend yield of a specific dividend?
if I purchase 200 shares of YMAX how much can I expect in to receive in dividend payments?
what dividends are announcing their declaration dates this week? Next week? This month?
How should I view the dividend stocks when they decrease in value?
When these ETFs decrease in value, does this automatically mean that the distribution will decrease?
Why does the stock usually fluctuates after the ex-dividend date, is there a reason for this?
What is NAV erosion mean?
How do I view the company financials?
How do you view a companies assets under management (AUM)?
What does TTM mean?
I noticed that historic and aristocrat dividends produce quarterly increases every payout.
Why don’t I see that with High Yield Dividends?
Do all ETFs have the same structure?
What is an underlining stock?
How important is the underlining stock to the performance of the ETF?
If the success of higher dividends are predicated on options trading, are they focusing on “calls" or “puts”?
What does it mean when a company focuses on the “inverse” of an underlining stock?
How do weekly paying dividends normally perform?
What is a special Dividend? can you give an example (follow-up question)
What are the top 10 highest paying stocks or ETFs that pay dividends?
What are the top 10 highest paying stocks or funds paying the highest dividend yield on a weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly basis?
How do weekly paying dividends normally perform?
How do weekly paying dividends normally perform?
What is the dividend payout ratio of a specific stock of fund?
What dividends pay this month?
What dividends pay this week?
What dividends pay next month?
what dividends pay in 2 weeks?
How does the company's dividend yield compare to industry peers?
Has the company been able to regularly increase its dividends?
What is the average dividend growth rate over the past 5-10 years for a specific dividend?
What is the company's debt-to-equity ratio?
Does the company have sufficient free cash flow to sustain dividend payments?
How resilient are the company's earnings and cash flow in different economic conditions?
what is the declaration date of a specific stock or fund paying dividends?
what is the ex-dividend date of a specific stock or fund paying dividends?
what is the record date of a specific stock or fund paying dividends?
any questions, followed by "put answer in a graph" or "put answer in a chart"
What is a dividend?
How do I make money from dividends?
Describe what dividend yield means
What is a market buy?
What is a limit buy?
What is an ETF or a fund?
When buying an ETF does it mean, I actually own shares of that company?
How can I determine what the underlining stock of that ETF is?
What is option trading and how does that relate to high yield dividends?
Why do high yield dividends fluctuate so much from month to month?
What does NAV erosion mean?
What approach should I take when new portfolios of high yield dividends come to the market?
Why do high dividends and stocks they correlate to act differently in the market?
What is margin?
What is margin call?
How much margin should I take?
Typically, how much margin can I take?
Can you grow your account without using margin?
What time is the market open?
What trading platforms can I use?
How much does it cost to start?
Can you describe the difference between a declaration date, activity, date, record date, and pay date?
How quickly will I start seeing results?
When and how do I get paid from dividends?
What does DRIP mean and how does it work?
Are all stocks eligible for dividend reinvestment?
Why do I have to buy a stock prior to the record date?
If I do deploy the DRIP and I am using margin can I still withdraw the money?
How long will high yield dividends be around?
I heard of YieldMax what other companies hold large portfolios of ETFs ?
What does AUM mean?
What is the difference between a growth mindset and an income mindset?
Why is it beneficial to create passive income?
How do I look up these HighYield Dividends?
What makes high dividends so different from the historic dividends that have been around for a long time?
How do these stocks perform during a bull market and how do they perform doing bearish market?
Is there a difference between how the weekly dividends performed versus monthly?
How aredividends to be taxed?
What is the difference between a qualified and non-qualified dividend?
What stocks or funds paying dividends offer the lowest nav?
What stocks or funds paying dividends has been paying the longest?
We are using this new data source that will give these metrics on Dividends?
what is the Ex-to-Pay on my Portfolio name [user includes the name of a Portfolio they set]?
what is the Ex-to-Pay on my Watchlist name [user includes the name of a Watchlist they set]?
what is the Ex-to-Pay on my Strategy name [user includes the name of a Strategy they set]?
what is the 30-Before-Ex on my Portfolio name [user includes the name of a Portfolio they set]?
what is the 30-Before-Ex on my Watchlist name [user includes the name of a Watchlist they set]?
what is the 30-Before-Ex on my Strategy name [user includes the name of a Strategy they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Ex on my Strategy name [user includes the name of a Strategy they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Ex on my Watchlist name [user includes the name of a Watchlist they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Ex on my Portfolio name [user includes the name of a Portfolio they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Pay on my Watchlist name [user includes the name of a Watchlist they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Pay on my Strategy name [user includes the name of a Strategy they set]?
what is the Pay-to-Pay on my Portfolio name [user includes the name of a Portfolio they set]?
show a list of dividends paying more than $1.00
show a list of dividends paying more than $2.00
I see there are new monthly/weekly paying dividends all the time, Can I invest in them immediately?
How do I calculate distributions if I own 200 shares of a stock if it pays $0.75 in one month?
If I'm using the D.R.I.P feature, and stock pays $1.00 while owning 200 shares, how much should I expect my share count to increase by?
If I'm scheduled to be paid a payment of 150.00 forthcoming, for owning 150 shares @ 1.00 each, where do I see the payment in my trading account on the payment date? if the stock price is $20
If the stock does drop on the Ex-Dividend date and I'm using DRIP are the funds reinvested at the lower price?
Why does the stock price occasionally drop after it pays a dividend?
How important is it for me to be diversified in my holdings?
How can I forecast my future earnings?
If a stock pays $.50 on average monthly for a year and I own 500 shares while using the DRIP feature, how do I calculate what my value is at the end of the year?
How do I calculate the average dividend payout if for 6 months the distributions are 0.91, 0.70, 1.04, 1.10, 0.80, .75?
How do I determine the total return of distributions paid in the last TTM?
How do I determine the ROI of high yield dividend stocks? If I invest $2,000 to purchase 67 stocks and the stock pays $50.25 ($0.75 per stock), in 6 months what will my total value be if the stock value decreases from $30 to $20?
Is the dividend received sustainable for high yield dividends?
Is there value in buying a stock at a lower value?
Should I be concerned about NAV (Net Asset Value) erosion of a stock?
Can I sell these stocks at any time?
How can I view the ETF breakdown percentage of the stocks? I see they vary between holdings?
What is the stock breakdown percentage of an ETF?
How important is the underlying to the performance of a high yield dividend? For example, both CONY and MSTY both have Bitcoin but the performance and payments vary a great deal.
Will a lower stock value affect the distribution?
How can I forecast my dividend payments? Will this be consistent month over month?
I see Yield Max launch the "Dorsey 7", what makes them different?
Why does the stock price sometimes drop after it pays a dividend?
Is the dividend received sustainable for high yield dividends?
How can I find out the high yield portfolio holder /company's financial health?
What are the risks associated with High yield Dividends?
How to determine if the dividend will fit into my overall strategy/ portfolio?
Why can't I buy on the ex-dividend date?
What are special dividends?
Who are the major portfolio holders of high yield dividends? Are all their distributions the same?
How do "options trading" work with ETFs?
Does the option strategy work in "Bullish" and "Bearish" market conditions?
What is an inverserve of a fund?
How are these High Yield dividends taxed?
I've decided to use margin and use 20% of my allowance, will I be at risk for a margin call?
If I am in a margin call and indicate I owe them $350.00, am I at risk of selling my stocks or should I wait for the market to rise or wait for a dividend payment?
If I use margin, can I still withdraw my payments?
What is the difference between having a "Growth Mindset" vs a "Income Mindset"?
How is DRIP important in an investment strategy?
Wha
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Energy industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Materials industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Industrials industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Consumer Discretionary industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Consumer Staples industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Healthcare industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Financials industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Information Technology (IT) industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Communication Services industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Utilities industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Real Estate industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Consumer Goods industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Transportation industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Commodities industry sector?
What dividend paying stocks, ETF's, and funds fall under the Emerging Industries industry sector?
Are there any differences between Yieldmax ,Defiance, Proshares, GraniteShares, Kraneshares, RexShares, Kurv, IShares, Roundhill, UBS AG and other monthly/weekly paying stocks?
List the 10 Best Dividend Growth ETFs
When comparing YMAG and YMAX what are the main differences?